well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so we're going to be recording here for
the next few days it's
i'm on the edge of the storm nothing to
worry about but a lot of rain can't
record in the shop with a tin
roof okay so tonight
we're going to talk about making sure
you understand the question you're being
asked
because for years i didn't and i'm
certain i have given less than
satisfactory answers now
so for years i have uh helped people
build community networks
and every so often after
you know holding a workshop or whatever
actually talking to people helping them
do it
i have somebody come up to me
normally a younger person and ask
well how do you start i'm sitting there
it's like i just spent an
hour talking about this woody what are
you
and i'm i'm sure i have given less than
satisfactory answers because i don't
understand the question
if you are an old hand at building
community networks pay attention
that question doesn't mean what we think
it means
they're asking how to get that core
group
that you start with that to us is a
given
younger people are so technology based
that they don't
have that it doesn't exist for them and
they're
less likely to interact with the people
they don't know
figured this out after uh
stumbling upon a video by working stiff
usa
new youtube channel and by new
i mean i was the ninth subscriber very
new channel
they go through and
really address this issue when we're
talking about younger people
not really knowing how to step out and
and build their network i don't want to
remake the video i'm going to put it
below
but i want to add a couple of things
first is it's literally anybody
anybody the waitress at
your favorite restaurant the person
working at the gas station
your friend from school that you haven't
talked to in forever
especially those who are involved in
extracurricular activities
they tend to be more active people at
work
anywhere literally anybody and you don't
have to click with them
on a personal level right away it's not
it's not even remotely important
all that matters is that commitment to
that goal
and then as your network grows
it's gonna split when it gets large
it'll divide into two little networks
those that you click with and you
resonate with on a personal level
they'll stick with you those that don't
they'll form their own
that's how it works so don't
don't feel like you have to become best
friends initially
you probably won't there's going to be a
whole bunch of people that cycle in and
out
and that's okay that's okay it's
expected you don't really need to worry
about that
now the video i'm gonna put below
definitely coming from the left but goes
out of their way to point out that it
isn't ideologically based
not initially anyway that it's just
about
doing good and granted if you do this
long enough there will be
certain ideological things that occur
it happens and that's addressed i also
want to point out it's a brand new
youtube channel
the audio is not great
very quiet you're going to turn it up
all the way but at least it's coming out
of both speakers
if you were if you weren't here when
this channel first started
in the beginning i literally had people
leaning left
um so
don't focus too much on the production
value but focus on the content
especially if this is a question you
have
if you want to know how to get that
first group of people
this video specifically focuses on
getting that first
one and that makes sense to me
and then from there it'll grow the
content's great
it's definitely worth checking out
and as uh current events have shown
these community networks are incredibly
important yeah all
of the day-to-day problems that exist in
the world
can be helped with one of these but also
the emergencies that are going on right
now the fires
the hurricanes whatever they become very
important
in not only dealing with them when they
occur
but helping to recover afterward
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night